daniel carvalho is putting his shot at the penalty box.
the incredible big chance to open the score
here in brazil the program the country hosted
the pension daniel carvalho
the referee comes out side would be abreast with the hands at the waist the co-curator and
granted was 0 goal and iterpa supporter with the expectation of the goal scored
attention daniel oak on the ball ran to the mouse
international bilbao charging penalty
13 minutes of completing stage to perfection
the category
so despite putting the ball in the left corner and when it looked like the score
went to the right corner the penalty shot here blue river - the author of a
goal of the car attack Mario
meanwhile a 0 suit for the team in the gre-nal of the South American Cup for the time being
the goal that would give the calvary the blow was applied
the loss to the international in a foul
on the player trains a foul that favors the Porto-Alegrense
heart 18 minutes of the stage complement the success with the group in the
Suárez collection will soon enter the team gremista canceled
called by the technician celso roth his fault placed beyond the left half
from him the defendants are abel braga and di maría he will be authorized
ran with the ball hit a barricade
the Paraguayan
the capital man who made his debut in professional football,
who now work here again
again is intended to remove a defender from the capital worker who in the
his debut has not scored goal with the vacancy of the goal of eduardo 19 minutes the
group is tying record it sousa survey did not lose
head beat the keeper
iguatu the wind in Brazil
one day the world now the gay goal and gilson are tied on the lawn